Cars.com is a leading digital automotive marketplace that creates meaningful connections between buyers and sellers. Through trusted expert content, on-the-lot mobile features and intelligence, millions of new and used vehicle listings, a comprehensive set of pricing and research tools, and the largest database of consumer reviews in the industry, Cars.com is transforming the car shopping experience.
After entering your initial search criteria from the Cars.com homepage, you can adjust the results by adding filters from the vertical menu that is located on the left side of the page. As you select filters to narrow down your search, the results will adjust to show available vehicle listings within your desired radius/zip code. If using a mobile device, you can filter your results from the ‘Sort Option’ at the top right.
Filter options will only appear if they are available for the vehicle type and radius you are searching. For example, you will not see the year 2011 as a filter option if there are not any 2011 vehicles available in your search radius.
Creating an account allows you to save vehicle listings and receive alerts on new vehicles matching your saved searches, price drops, and more! From our homepage, click on the profile icon in the top right corner. From here, click the ‘Sign Up’ button and submit your information to create an account. To sign back in later, click the profile icon and enter your Log In credentials.
When viewing a vehicle ad on Cars.com, you can select the ‘heart’ icon to ‘favorite’ the vehicle. This will add the vehicle to your ‘favorited’ vehicles list for future access. If you are signed into your account, Cars.com will also send emails to this address with any price drop alerts on the vehicle and to notify you when the vehicle is sold.
When searching for vehicles on Cars.com, you can save any search at the top of the search results page by clicking the ‘Subscribe’ button and entering your preferred email address. Then, every evening, Cars.com will send an alert to the email address you entered if one or more fresh vehicles match your search criteria.When searching for vehicles on Cars.com, you can save any search at the top of the search results page by clicking the ‘Subscribe’ button and entering your preferred email address. Then, every evening, Cars.com will send an alert to the email address you entered if one or more fresh vehicles match your search criteria.
Please send a record of your interaction with the seller to fraud@cars.com for our Fraud team to investigate. While Cars.com is available for public viewing and use, we are committed to keeping you safe. Please check out our article regarding fraud prevention.
Once you find a car that interests you, please contact the seller directly via the phone number or email lead form on the vehicle listing. Note that none of the inventory on the site is owned or for sale by Cars.com.
Once a listing is approved, it can take an additional 1-2 hours to appear on site.
All sellers are required to provide a working phone number to display on their listing. Prospective buyers can contact you via phone by clicking “Call This Seller” to expose your phone number. They can also send an email via the “Check Availability” form on your listing. Your email address is not visible to the shopper until you respond.
If you believe you have been contacted by a suspicious individual, please send a record of your interaction to fraud@cars.com for our Fraud team to investigate. Please reference our article regarding fraud prevention.
Any changes to your vehicle listing, other than its package type, can be made after submitting your vehicle’s ad. You can delete, renew, edit or place a listing on hold all from your seller dashboard.
After completing your checkout and once your listing is submitted, we are unable to update the package type (i.e. upgrade from “Basic” to “Premium”). If it is within 24 hours of submission, you can cancel your listing and be issued a refund, then submit a new listing with a different ad package.
Our Basic listings are 100% free, while our Plus and Premium ads include a one-time ad listing charge. Detailed pricing information can be found here.
PHOTOS - Make sure your photos are awesome! Present images from a variety of angles and make sure they are a high quality. Provide potential buyers with a true sense of what your vehicle looks like.
SELLER’S NOTES - Share your car’s best features. Write seller’s notes that include any option packages, warranties, upgrades, etc. Including this information will allow it to be accessible to shoppers through the site’s keyword search functionality.
COMPETITIVE PRICING - Ensure that you are pricing your vehicle competitively with our vehicle valuation tool.
HISTORY REPORTS - Upgrade your ad package to include a Carfax report. Buyers appreciate a history report and often seek this information when considering the purchase of a vehicle.
CONTACT INFORMATION – Confirm that your listing’s contact information is correct.
Due to manufacturer regulations, only Franchise dealerships may list their inventory as "Certified Pre-Owned" on Cars.com. Vehicle manufacturers require that a vehicle must undergo a rigorous inspection process by a manufacturer-approved mechanic, so once you own and drive the vehicle it is no longer considered ‘Certified’ by the manufacturer. If your vehicle was purchased as a “Certified Pre-Owned” vehicle, you can note this in the description of your ad and can state if the extended warranty is transferable to the next owner.
The easiest way is to email yourself the photos from your phone, save them to your computer, and upload from there.
